Want to get married. I've seen people.
Get company. Mom! What are you doing?
At least ask him what his name is. How old is this year?
Which school did you graduate from? How is your family situation?
How many people are there? What kind of work do you do here?
How is the income? Has it been recaptured?
Why are you giving up? When do you plan to get married?
Where are you going to tie the knot? There is more to say about the family village.
Need not. go. Come to me and get the red box from the banker version.
This card is the family estate left to you by your parents.
This thing also belongs to your mother.
Give it all back to you now. alright.
I'm tired. I won't attend the wedding.
I’m going on vacation abroad in a few days
Maybe I have to go back in a few days
Mom, just forget it like this usually